Small updates to the release notes for 2.34 (#967)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/release-notes/2.34.0.md

Starting with PMM 2.34.0, PMM installs and manages operators using [Operator Lifecycle Manager](https://olm.operatorframework.io/) (OLM) and database clusters using `dbaas-operator`. Nonetheless, these changes are backward incompatible, and you must perform these additional steps:

1. Force unregister the Kubernetes cluster from PMM (select Ignore errors checkbox) and register it back. PMM will install OLM and `dbaas-catalog` to manage the lifecycle of PXC, PSMDB, and DBaaS operators.

> 2. Create a database cluster for each database cluster you have created in PMM. You can use the [script](https://github.com/percona/pmm/blob/main/migrate-dbaas.py) to do it automatically during the maintenance window. Keep in mind that the migration script uses the default configuration to connect to the Kubernetes cluster and run migration against it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create a database cluster for each database cluster you have created in PMM. You can use the [script](https://github.com/percona/pmm/blob/main/migrate-dbaas.py) to do it automatically during the maintenance window. Migration scripts use the default configuration to connect to Kubernetes clusters and run migrations against them.
```

> 2. Create a database cluster for each database cluster you have created in PMM. You can use the [script](https://github.com/percona/pmm/blob/main/migrate-dbaas.py) to do it automatically during the maintenance window. Keep in mind that the migration script uses the default configuration to connect to the Kubernetes cluster and run migration against it.

Reviewer: database cluster is repeated.

- [PMM-9977](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PMM-9505)   - [Backup]: After deleting an expanded row from the **Backup > All Backups** page, PMM would automatically expand the next row in the table. This issue is now fixed and PMM refreshes the list of backups artifacts without automatically expanding any rows.
- [PMM-10942](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PMM-10942) - [Backup] - PITR: is possible to pass Schedule for every hour without specific minute
- [PMM-10853](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PMM-10853) - [Alerting]: Removed **Save** button from the **Create alert rule** page as this was duplicating the functionality of the **Save and exit** button.

> - [PMM-10871](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PMM-10871) - [Alerting]: Fixed broken **Percona Alerting** link on the **Settings > Alertmanager integration** page. The link is now correctly redirects to the **Alerting** page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [PMM-10871](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PMM-10871) - [Alerting]: Fixed broken **Percona Alerting** link on the **Settings > Alertmanager integration** page. The link now correctly redirects to the **Alerting** page.
```
